Fix broken links to documentation pages (#3147)
apache/camel: core/camel-core/src/main/docs/eips/process-eip.adoc

You can then easily use this inside a route by declaring the bean in
Spring, say via the XML (or registering it in JNDI if that is your

> https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/registry.adoc[Registry])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:registry.adoc[Registry])
```

from("activemq:myQueue").process(myProcessor);
----

> If you need to lookup the processor in the https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/registry.adoc[Registry]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to lookup the processor in the xref:registry.adoc[Registry]
```
